RELICENSING
===========

The terms set forth in this file apply only to works (the "covered
work") where a copy of this file, or a link to it, has been included
in the original distribution by the author, either in a way that
applies to the work as a whole (such as a file in the work's top level
directory) or in the headers of individual files (in which case only
those files constitute the covered work).

This file is not itself part of the license under which the covered
work is distributed; it grants additional permissions directly from
the author. The file or links to it may be removed or omitted from
redistributions of the covered work(s) whether or not the option of
using an alternative license is exercised.

IMPORTANT: If you modify the covered work by incorporating materials
which are not owned by you, you must remove this file or links to it
or face possible future liability under section 3.3. Before doing so,
you may exercise the permission given here to choose an alternative
license meeting the conditions below. The status of the resulting work
is determined by the interaction of the resulting license for this
work, and the license of the additional materials.

If your modifications are all owned by you, then you should remove
this file or links to it (after substituting your preferred license,
if applicable) unless you accept all the possible terms and grants of
rights given in section 3.

This file applies to a work that is originally distributed by its
author under a permissive license that permits copying, distribution
and modification in source and binary forms without limitation or
restrictions other than the requirement to preserve a relevant
copyright notice, disclaimer of warranty, and limitation of liability.
The option of relicensing is provided in order to allow the use of the
work as part of projects under other licenses, without having to deal
with "license fragmentation" or conflicts. The primary objective here
is to protect the author's disclaimer of warranty and limitation of
liability while otherwise allowing unlimited use of the work.

The author grants permission for the covered work to be distributed
under a license (the "Alternative License") other than the one
originally attached to the work, subject to the conditions set forth
below:

1. The Alternative License must not attempt to disclaim, revoke, or
   abolish the author's original copyright.

2. The Alternative License must require that modification or further
   redistribution must preserve in source code distributions at least
   the copyright notice, disclaimer of warranty and limitation of
   liability. It may otherwise set its own terms for redistriribution.

3. The Alternative License may not include any terms that impose
   additional duties, obligations or liabilities on the author, or
   which grant rights from the author under any branch of law other
   than copyright law, except as follows:

   3.1. The Alternative License may include conditional or
        unconditional grants of such patent rights as are minimally
        essential to enable the use, distribution, transfer, sale or
        offer for sale, and modification of the covered work; and the
        manufacture, sale or offer for sale, import or transfer of
        devices containing the covered work. These grants of rights
        must be limited to such patents, if any, that would be
        infringed by engaging in such dealings with the author's
        original unmodified work.

        The GNU GPL version 3 and the Apache License 2.0 may be taken
        as reference examples of permissible patent grants.

   3.2. The Alternative License may waive the author's moral rights.

   3.3. The Alternative License may include a claim or warranty that
        the original author possesses the right to license the work,
        provided that this would not imply the licensing of any right
        not included in the above subsections or the work's original
	license.

4. The Alternative License must include a general disclaimer of
   warranty and limitation of liability that are at least as extensive
   as the ones contained in the work's original license terms, with
   the sole exception of section 3.3 above.

5. The author considers all of the following licenses (identified by
   their SPDX tags) to qualify under these terms as acceptable
   Alternative Licenses:

   Apache-2.0         [Apache License 2.0]
   BSD-2-Clause       [BSD 2-clause "Simplified" License]
   BSL-1.0            [Boost Software License 1.0]
   GPL-2.0-or-later   [GNU GPL 2.0 or later version]
   GPL-3.0-or-later   [GNU GPL 3.0 or later version]
   MIT                [MIT License]
   PostgreSQL         [PostgreSQL License]

   This list is not intended to be exhaustive.

(end)
